---
title: "Meet Ben"
layout: about
---

I was born in 1992 to my mother Roxanne and my father Rodney. I have a single older sister named Andrea, and I grew up on an acerage in rural nebraskan farmland on the platte river. My mother's family is full of cowboys, while my fathers side was largely cops, teachers and government employees. I fostered a love of nature and astronomy early on, and if I wasn't at a friends house on their farms I was exploring the woods around mine with our dog in tow. In school I excelled in medicine and sciences.

I lost my father to cancer, an aggressive form called small cell carcinoma, when I was 16. I would soon loose other family friends nearby to other forms as well. I graduated from Westside in Omaha in 2010 and soon decided to dip my toes into emergency medicine with how well the EMTs treated my father during his cancer- I went straight for my paramedic, and got my first degree in Paramedicine and Emergency Medical Sciences from Metropolitian Community College in 2013. I met a new mentor there, Paul Custer, and proceeded to work medical transport in North Platte Nebraska working about ~96 hours a week on a standby shift, transferring to a new job when it was available in April.

I was then working 911 in Auburn and Falls City Nebraska by the time I was 20. In that time- because the system was bought by a private company who quickly discovered it wasn't making money- I watched how private industry can rapidly rot out public infastructure in real time. Within a year they had shut down 911 services in these towns and I was back in Omaha for work, and this cost cutting meant I was then trying to unionize my workforces for functional equipment and more decision making. I was fired from both companies for unionizing before starting work for Select Speciality ICU. By that time I had also become involved in the Dakota Access Pipeline protests, seeing how nebraska state was trying to sieze farmer's land for corporate concern.

At select I steadily worked at becoming a nurse- but then the pandemic hit. By the end of 2020 we had buried an entire family and the hospital was ~80% COVID patients; my sister and I had quarantined ourselves away from family in response. During this my hospital, which specialized in ventilator care and avanced respiratory therapies, recieved near weekly death threats for our intense stance on the safety of our patients, demanding constant masking and limiting contact aggressively. It worked extremely well and none of us would get sick from working the floor or could trace it to transmission from a patient.

By 2021 I decided I had a better oppertunity to take- now I lived in Council Bluffs moving near to where my parents origionally grew up, and I started the RN Program through Iowa Western Community College which I would pass in 2023 with an Associates in Nursing. I worked full time and schooled full time, studying nursing in between patient care, and immediately transferred to being a nurse full time through a mentorship program under my newest mentor, Erika Colorado. There I worked until I was noticed by my cardiologist, and now I have transitioned into being the nurse for two separate cardiologists under the Nebraska Medical System.

In my career I wouldn't say I've seen it all, but working in emergency and long term ICU has given me a lot of perspective- It's not enough for me to proclaim "The failures of the american healthcare system", I can directly pinpoint exactly what fails in a for-profit driven system and how hospitals I worked for (now shutting down thanks to the Big Beautiful Bill) are closing because of our psychopathic drive to force everything to make money. I can detail how ambulances and private EMS is a failed business model, because all the companies I worked for now 10 years ago either no longer exist, or now are shells of what they used to be- and now working in speciality areas and the clinical side, I can detail the struggle of working with hostile and sociopathic insurance agencies, corporations we pay for services that now have decided they don't need to return.

My interests include: Astronomy, Nuclear physics and power, Scrapping/junkyarding materials, Hot-rodding, Ebikes, Electric Vehicles, Solar, Lithium technologies, computers, music, cooking, painting, gardening, politics, reading, and some video gaming. I like making stories and writing, and I enjoy making things in general. Finally I greatly enjoy people.
